The page rank for a page is the probability that a random surfer is going to visit that
particular page. In our iterative page rank algorithm, we calculate the page rank mainly based on the number of inlinks
to the given page. Number of inlinks is then used as a simple measure to calculate the page
rank of a page, in this approach we assume that a web page is popular if there are many links from
other pages pointing the given page. If we observe the documents in the list of top 50 pages by
inlink count and top 50 pages by page rank from the result, Page rank for document with high inlink
count is higher than other documents but not the highest. There can be multiple inlinks to the given
document from a single page, some of the links might direct to sink page, ie pages with no outlinks and some may result in
loops.Some pages which have higher inlinks still do not come up in page rank as they could have lots of outlinks as well.

Many a times user might not be interested in the documents with high page rank, our page
rank computaion is solely based on inlink count and there can be possibility that owner of the
webpage can increase the popularity by including links to his page in the popular pages. Several
methods can be employed to increase the inlink count for a particular page. The inlink count doesn't
consider the quality of page while calculating page rank. The quality of page can be considered by
taking into account the anchor text in the link and ignoring the links in the comments section. The
user query context can also be considered in determining the quality of a page. This leads to higher quality pages
and Inlink count is just theoretical way for calculating the page rank and there is possibility that user will be interested in a
page other than the page with highest page rank due to the circumstances in which user is querying
the web.

In our results, the pages with high page rank values are mostly the related to news, since
news is popular among the users and there are several other pages that point to a particular news
article and the news articles inturn link to different webpages. The links to the pages from a popular
page will also have high pagerank values due to the fact that there is high probability that a user will
visit the links given in a popular page.The inlink count approach is a simple way to measure page rank, 
inorder to calculate the page rank accurately to user needs and dynamically changing contents of webpage but we also need to
consider other things like user search context and quailty of the pages based on the content and not based on the 
inlinks, usablity of links, location and popular current events happening in the internet.
